I've been using the ShibaSolv app for a while now and I find it to be really interesting and a fun app for managing cryptocurrencies. It gives a lot of opportunities for one to track their investments and improve their trading strategies.
Worst application. It doesn't let me connect my wallet neither my exchange accounts. Nothing works.
I have a crypto portfolio worth close to $70K still your can't find my transactions? How do I connect my wallets?
Bahut hi vdiya app hai chote mote traders ko bi invest krne ka moka deta hai aur earn krne ka jisse jo new crypto enthusiast hai mere jaise unko moka milta hai aur ummed jagti hai but minimum investment thoda kam hota to aur jada better hota aur jo experienced trader hai usko beginner wale bi features show hote hai bi nhi hone chahye jab experience level dal hi rhe hai to jo bo apply kar skta hai whi show kre usko sort krke
Exchange API key. hey I'm unable to add my exchange API key. whenever i add it's telling wrong. plz tell me how to add exchange API key and where I can find.
I have been trying to use so many features and not even a single one works properly. Neither the app is that gud to use like it's very basic.. no help centre.. no way to get info on the transactions.. no progress shown.. just a big waste app I feel 🥱
In playstore the app says no minimum investment needed but when I download and open in search of trading features it says I need atleast $5k in my wallet for advanced features this is ridiculous
I am exchange owner but showing this app is for individual traders only what should I do
My exchange account is not connecting. I tried so many times, but it said this API key couldn't be found. please help me.
Very good experience from ShibaSolv app
Vary bad apps
I have tried to use so many trading strategies, but didn't get a single profitable trade from it. It's been 5 months, none of them work for me
Facing a 109 error app not working 
I am trying to login but I am not able to login even though the password and email are all correct. but still I am not able to login. this app have so much glitches. please fix the bugs of this app.
At first my wallet was not connecting...so I deleted that account...and now I can't even create an account
I'm not even able to connect my account to my exchange this application is showing error. not a good app
Not able to connect my wallet.
It is a very good app and easier to manage crypto, all at one place as per your choice.
there is various technical issues & errors. please solves ASAP.
1 star because I'm not able to login
A big platform to grow big if u re a small investor and if u want to get more trading opportunities this app is very useful..i personally loved it
Woww what a stupid app. I have more than $80K worth of crypto in my wallet. I saw this add and thought to download this app but wait a minute what I found, all the positive reviews are fake lol . How can you just buy reviews? Oh gosh. What a nonsense way to fool people. It's definitely a scam . I would post on my social media to aware people about this app. Hahha scammers .
Unable to create an account After so many attempts
Unable to login, don't know how it's working
ShibaSolv is a mind blowing app I have used this app for few months and I am very satisfied with it .
This app shows only for individual traders, so can an exchange find users according to their trading volume 🤦
I registered through this app, but it is not what I was expecting. My requests for advanced features are left pending for more than a few months!!!
This app is such an amazing one! I think every crypto enthusiast should have this app! 10/10 ❤️💕
Best app I ever seen in my life, and they provide best trading strategies to users, as I'm a trader I like their service and customer support you guys must try this app.
As a trader, I'm sharing my personal experience working with ShibaSolv. You can apply trading strategies directly from the app, and profit tracking is done in real-time. I'm very happy to work with ShibaSolv.
Not good enough...
Best app I love this app 🌹🌹🌹
It does not include South African exchanges.
This app is very nice and useful I first installed this app and made an account then I have linked my wallet to this app and start earning by applying lot of trading strategies
Firstly the user interface is easy to use. It's been a month I've been using the app and I can't express how much it has enhanced my trading productivity.
Veryyyy bad app ever seen I can't even login with exchange account when it's individual trader app then why u have exchange options and later it says that only for individual traders totally nonsense u should close the appp!!!!!!!! Very disappointment
Unable to connect the exchange account
Poor user experience. I'm a software developer and being professional this app has the worst UX I've ever experienced. In profile section when i try to connect wallet, it get connected. But my wallet address is same in all my accounts and when i try to add another account (different exchanges, etc..) with the same address then its reflecting back my previously added wallet showing its already connected. Seriously, this is the production level release you guys made for public?
Good
My journey starts with ShibaSolv in first trade...when I finish this trade then I put my review about this app. abhi tak koi trade nahi kiya hai..only 1 strategy apply Kiya hai...but abhi tak under process chal raha hai..
Bakwas!! Koi profitable trade nhi hoti isme
Very nice application ☺️. Helpful app
This app is very much helpful for traders who have less capital .
Worst app for traders, I have applied trading strategies since months and not received a single profitable trade from their side .
this app is very well working I do many profitable trades with the help of ShibaSolv app😍
ShibaSolv app not 🚫 reply to support tickets
App crash in logging
Issue with dob fill. In date of birth year drop-down coming country list
I've been using ShibaSolv for a while now, and I can't express how much it has transformed my trading productivity. This app is a game-changer! Firstly, the user interface is clean and intuitive. Navigating through trades, portfolios, and charts is a breeze. The app's design encourages focus and efficiency. The trade management features are top-notch. I love how I can easily create, prioritize, and track trades across various cryptocurrencies. The ability to set stop-losses and receive price alerts has been a lifesaver.
My experience is very good... ye bht aacha aap h or features bi bht aache h ...
Exchange account doesn't connect to ShibaSolv at all
Perfect app for crypto traders. Very simple, easy to use, I love it
It's been months that I've this app on my phone but till now I've not received a single profitable trade from this app inspite of fulfilling the eligibility criteria and having a good amount of capital in my wallet. I've been applying for almost all the trading strategies from past few months but still no luck. Worst app ever, total waste of time!!!!
ShibaSolv is a very good and helpful app for new traders. It helps us with new trading strategies for profit.
A perfect platform for all the micro traders & it's so helpful. Although it's a good experience with ShibaSolv💓 and I am so satisfied with this app. thanks ShibaSolv☺
Its awesome app
I've applied all trading strategies, wherever the eligibility criteria was fulfilled, but not one strategy reverted back, moreover the support system is the worst, i can contact no person through any means, will definitely not recommend anyone about this app Wasted my time and finally They ask you to write a good review everywhere and then they show you profit after months and when finally you get profit of 80 rupees you are not able to transfer it to your account. Worst app ever doesn't deserve a single star 👎🏻
To everyone out there thinking about installing this app. There is a fake statement about this app, it says even profiles with zero balance can apply for the advanced features but after downloading the app and wasting my data over it. I found they require $5000 minimum balance to apply for any of the advanced features. Beware everyone
ShibaSolv is an exceptional cryptocurrency management app that has revolutionized my trading journey. As a crypto enthusiast, the platform's innovative features and user-friendly interface have empowered me to effortlessly track and manage my investments. Through ShibaSolv, I have not only been able to optimize my trading strategies effectively but also expand my portfolio and grow my profits, making it an invaluable tool for any aspiring crypto trader.
Waste of time and Worst app I don't get any profitable trade with app frm last 2 month. Even app does not work properly. Worst app.
didn't receive any profit and the app has issues with connecting my exchange. I read some reviews and a lot of other people are facing the same issue.
Totally Worst Application, full of Time Waste, they didn't reply any of your query and msgs, they didn't any strategy Approval, totally Time Waste
Nonsense useless app. Can't connect to any wallets or exchanges. When I try to connect it always show error or user not found. Plz work on your programming. I think there is an error in your programming.
Great app for beginners traders ❤️
Bekar app h 1 month se uper hogya h but ek bhi profitable trade nhi mila, mene bahut Sara aply kr dya but 1 bhi profit Mila 😡😂
It's help alot
Support system is pathetic never help I am eligible for the advanced features they will not respond plz solve it my humble request to you 🙏
ShibaSolv is a great application 👍 this app provide us advanced trading tools ❤️ peoples see the charts of cryptocurrencies for better results 😊 the traders of this application show the trading strategies in detail the workers of this app work fastly for you and they do a great job 👍 ShibaSolv app team is dedicated to providing a great service, ensuring that your trades run smoothly this is highly important for traders that are running something related to selling cryptocurrencies online the more they are socially connect
great platform for all crypto freaks out there!
Hey I am not able to make account here, whenever I tried to create an account over here, it not shown next process, still place on same creating account page
Perfect app for micro traders who are searching for profitable strategies!
This very useful application for traders and exchange companies. It's very helps to contact traders and exchanges.
Applied for advanced features but my approval is still pending from weeks...I don't how u guys work...not getting any response, still on hold for the approval Not gonna work I guess...of nt thn I should uninstall this app.
Please ask your support team to reply fast and do update your app with the enrollment of more exchanges...and I am not able to connect my wallet on your app.
.nice app lots of trading strategies do check out
Trying to update my profile after logging in... But as soon as i login and click on profile button it gets logged out... Have tried uninstalling the app and then start the process fresh but made no sense...please fix this
Nice
Love this app
Bad app. No respond on support tickets, it only shows trading strategies but there is no response from them. Didn't received a single profitable trade from past 3 months.
It has user-friendly interface. It offers traders to use advanced trading tools. A Game-Changer for Crypto Trading! It offers a unique concept and provides an engaging user experience. ShibaSolv made it easy to connect with other traders and collaborate on strategies which will benefit us.
It is the best app for starting your career as a crypto trader 👍 The most trustworthy and easy to handle. Great experience.
Nooo!!!..my balance is not increasing on your app even after sync ... updating the app...after doing sign in nd sign out also nothing happened....and yaaa not even received one profitable trade also
Bestest app i ever used, giving lots of trading opportunities n very easy to used n i really loved it, thank you so much ShibaSolv💜💜and very useful for the crypto traders. easy to download the app from the link in their bio and easy to sign up and create profile and create trades and get profit in our wallet.
Nice provide all type of trading strategies
No matter how many times i try to connect my wallet it always show 106 error
Need to improve app because the balance not updating in ShibaSolv they are showing the same balance when i created account.
The support team doesn't gives the approval it's a fake app I guess
Best app for crypto trading, Best team support, very helpful team
It is a helpful app for traders and investors to grow and manage their portfolio This app helps traders in growing and getting wonderful trading opportunities, in giving tips and tricks regarding the trading strategies and how to work, etc.
This app is best
Very helpful yess I recommend it to my family members
Wow, it is a great app for the trader who want to do advanced trading, this app gives everyone chance to experience advanced trading features... It's very easy to use and I want to say every crypto enthusiast must have to use this app.. thanku
No respond from any support ticket
Wasted my time... 2 months and not even a single profitable trade. I also raised an issue that I'm having trouble in connecting my exchange to the app.. they asked me to send them a message on their Instagram.. I did but they did nothing about my issue.. they read and left the message like that.
My balance has not been updated for a month.
This is good for traders
Not much useful for most of traders and the app ask for review itself with five star rating, so most of the reviews are fake.
BEST APP EVER, VERY NICE PLATFORM, LOTS OF TRADING OPPORTUNITIES
Hii You're reading this i really want to reveal the truth about SHIBASOLV. It's an amazing application of this generation. And I have been using this app from 4-5 months and I had a really good time with them. It has provided me with profitable trading opportunities. And it's one of the best platforms for Crypto Traders.
Best crypto trading app